WIP BXMSDOC-5459: Added clarification regarding users and roles (#30)
hmanwani-rh/kie-docs: doc-content/enterprise-only/installation/roles-users-con.adoc

[id='roles-users-con']
= {PRODUCT} roles and users

To access {CENTRAL} or {KIE_SERVER}, you must create users and assign them appropriate roles before the servers are started.

> The {CENTRAL} and {KIE_SERVER} uses Java Authenticate and Authorization Service (JAAS) login module to authenticate the users. If both {CENTRAL} and {KIE_SERVER} are running on a single instance, then they share the same JAAS subject and security domain. Therefore, a user, who is authenticated for {CENTRAL} can also access {KIE_SERVER}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {CENTRAL} and {KIE_SERVER} use Java Authentication and Authorization Service (JAAS) login module to authenticate the users. If both {CENTRAL} and {KIE_SERVER} are running on a single instance, then they share the same JAAS subject and security domain. Therefore, a user, who is authenticated for {CENTRAL} can also access {KIE_SERVER}.
```

However, if {CENTRAL} and {KIE_SERVER} are running on different instances, then the JAAS login module is triggered for both individually. Therefore, a user, who is authenticated for {CENTRAL}, needs to be authenticated separately to access the {KIE_SERVER} (for example, to view or manage Process Definitions in {CENTRAL}). In case, the user is not authenticated on the {KIE_SERVER}, then 401 error is logged in the log file, displaying `Invalid credentials to load data from remote server. Contact your system administrator.` message in {CENTRAL}.

> 

Reviewer 2: No need to capitalize the Process Definitions term. 
S: for example, to view or manage process definitions in {CENTRAL}

Author: Done
